# Overview

Prototypes around a medium and toolset for exploring quantities and arithmetic operations.

More notes here to come, but in the meantime:
* [A medium supporting the exploration of quantities](http://klr.tumblr.com/post/147245626988/a-medium-supporting-the-exploration-of-quantities)
* [Old and new ways of looking at number](http://klr.tumblr.com/post/149677916243/old-and-new-ways-of-looking-at-numbers)

# Recording

We're interested in Cantor interactions which trade off control between recordings and the student. I expect we'll write about that more extensively eventually, but in the meantime, to record an interactive:

* **Get Cantor ready for recording** (Chrome tries to protect you but gets in the way!)
 * Open the project in Framer.
 * Click the "Mirror" toolbar icon, then "Open in Browser".
 * Copy that URL, then paste it into Chrome Canary.
 * Change the IP address in the address bar (e.g. `10.0.0.15`) to `localhost` and hit Return.
* **Record a segment**:
 * Press the "R" key to start recording (you'll have to approve mic usage the first time).
 * Press the "R" key again when you're done.
 * Press the "P" key to play back the last recorded segment.
 * Press the "D" key to download the last recorded segment (a `wav` and a `json` file).
* **Arrange segments into an interactive sequence**:
 * Put the `wav` and `json` files in `Cantor.framer/recordings`.
 * Rename them as `1.json`, `2.json`, etc in the order you'd like them to be sequenced.
* **Play back a sequence**:
 * Use the ➡ button to play the next segment in the sequence stored in `recordings`.
* **Share a sequence**:
 * Get the files in `recordings` as you want them.
 * Click the "Share" toolbar icon in Framer.
